Welcome! Use the 'Y' and 'X' buttons on your left controller to navigate through this tutorial.

Awesome! Now, let's get cracking.

Where are we? You can look around, by well looking around. It's virtual reality!

Can you find that blue transparent looking thing? In this experience, you will be making that.

We are going to use that blue transparent visualization as a blueprint for what we will be making.

To get a better look at the blueprint, reach out your left hand. Then, press down the left grip to 'grab' it and pull it towards you.

Great job! Now, you should be able to walk around the blueprint. To rotate it, press down the left grip to 'grab' it a rotate your hand.

Nice! Okay, we can get to making this object now. Can you hold down the right controller trigger?

That orange line segment connecting your hands is what we call a RULING.

You can create rulings by holding down both triggers and moving your hands through the air - try it out!

Just liked we positioned and oriented by 'grabbing' the blueprint, use the right hand grip to position and orient by 'grabbing' your drawing.

To destroy your drawing, push down your right controller joystick.

It turns out that the blue transparent object in front on you is called a RULED SURFACE.

These surfaces are interesting because they can be constructed out of a family of non-intersecting lines.

That means that you can create them with one smooth and continuous sweep of your hands.

Now, the surface that you see in front of you is called a CYLINDER.

Before moving onto the other challenges, I want to show you how to make this one.

To see a visual hint, push down your left controller joystick.

Did you see that orange ruling draw out the CYLINDER? That is the exact motion that you want to make with your hands.

To create the CYLINDER, draw directly on top of the blueprint to `fill it in.'

You will know you have completed the puzzle when you can completely `fill in' the blueprints with one sweep of you arms.

Go ahead, try to create the CYLINDER according to the hint, and when you are satisfied move onto the next text block.

Your task will be to create each of the following ruled surfaces. The next two surfaces will have hints like this one.

However, the last two will not have any hints, and you will have to brainstorm how to solve the puzzles.

One way you might start the last two puzzles is by trying to find a line on the surface of the blueprint, and working forwards from there.

Just like you scrolled this tutorial, you can use your 'B' and 'A' buttons on your right controller to navigate through all possible challenges.

Use the 'B' button to go to the next challenge, and use the 'A' button to return to the first.

To close the tutorial, use the 'B' button to scroll past the last text block!

Good luck, and have fun ;)